Congratulation USA!
addresses the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
The three patients of the first family displayed the typical features underlying PQBP1 such as the long triangular face, bulbous nose, hypoplastic malar region, and micrognathia, which were subsequently confirmed using targeted sequence analysis that showed a previously reported nonsense mutation c.586C&gt;T p.R196*. 
Any other nominee would have quietly withdrawn his name for the sake of his family.
Why is Kavanaugh so desperate to be put on the Supreme Court that he would put his wife, kids, and entire family through this?
Why is Trump so desperate for Kavanaugh to be nominated?
Why?
I am in the office now.
What a beautiful girl!
Oh my God!
You really scared me!
Do you have any question?
I want to go travel, sing a song, and roll in the grass.
Because we are tired today, tonight’s party will be postponed to next week.
You can’t use computer tonight.
My grandmother goes to bed early; she is used to getting up early.
I am here.
I hope I find someone like Alex.
I know some great teachers (e.g., Amy, Barbara, Cindy).
It happened in October,
P.S. I'll be in Taipei office next week from Monday to Wednesday.
Andy worked very hard.
Daddy said,
P.S. I'll be in
i.e., two months ago. 
e.g., Amy, Barbara, Cindy
(e.g., Amy, Barbara, Cindy)
Mrs. Lee like
Helen W. M. Yeh show me a
let me see see
0-53.
Caucasians aged 25-75, with BMI 19.
f0 kg/m2 and no acute or severe chronic disorder underwent , and OSA-negative (n = 44) and OSA-positive (n = 57) groups were established.
The three patients of the first family displayed the typical features underlying PQBP1 such as the long triangular face, bulbous nose, hypoplastic malar region, and micrognathia, which were subsequently confirmed using targeted sequence analysis that showed a previously reported nonsense mutation c.
The three patients of the first family displayed the typical features underlying PQBP1 such as the long triangular face, bulbous nose, hypoplastic malar region, and micrognathia, which were subsequently confirmed using targeted sequence analysis that showed a previously reported nonsense mutation c.586C&gt;T p.